ricardo goulart left with walter already
stole it good
early as the speed the glass looked
for area cut to the left of the shot
hit the corner
sun morning
viton in a bad trap gives him the rear of the wing
in a script watched the vitor left with the
Ball walked to get to you in another.
angle Vitor ball had walked
as an option ricardo goulart took to
left hit his chest and hit
did not give a sound by raising the
alviverde guys in the golden mountains trembles
the green crowd
now goiás 1 to 0 gum and wellinton tried
go out and rob his wallet and
Was very well served on the way back and
put the victor who was very well in the
game was being well explored by the
right side good crosses thrilled
with the ball
we saw my ball got more
goals in the b series goiás enters silva
solve to see ricardo goulart beat
lack of goal
The place will give way to the number 18 shirt.
on a ball that hit ricardo goulart
he hit the ready-made pin
gilson's cross and died there in the background
from the Web
the goias expanded in the second half looks
to you O ball back and hit
first in my project sound and the galley
fire an altercation 1918 now the
goiás 2 to 0 km the stage is so good that until
When you do not want the play happens
this is a beautiful heel walter
pass by ricardo goulart that unintentionally
was to do the mastery ended up hitting a
wonderful pass by vote is to make the
finalization
he makes the protection calls the marking
left with iarley
then he shoots from the right, he made the
looked at the area is difficult if
presented walter looking and abused the
raised in the area and plays
head asked for walter oil feather
hit
but the goias again he walter shirt
number 18
the one in Arnhem did the lifting the fans
complained of geovane penalty
walter took the leftovers and amended
a knock a beat did not give pro jiu
sound expanding the score in the second half
walter
now goiás 3 a 0 kaka already said my father
when I was a child it's still that defender
rebound and rebound the ball into the middle of the
area is calling go
she fell on the foot of the volp hit with the
awesome happiness video to goiás
comes up the marking way but in the
Individual foul play or authorize the
referee warns raised in the area
will be staying another year ricardo goulart at
own lack the goal
win
again he hit jersey number 18 in the
biggest mess in the big in the small area
goalkeeper gilson the law or ricardo
goulart lost the time of the pin pinched
to trave and again the attentive walter
puffed the gilson network expanding
score in the golden mountains now goiás
applied the thrashing 4 1 the wing has 0 with
three goals from valber kaka
in the interval I said is that old
also where a steer goes by.
a herd that was difficult at first
time in the second time but continues
creating situations only now
completing and finishing well I'll be back
making his second goal in the match the
player has good presence and is goiás
absolute quiet to lead the victory
until the end